Name: Zhan Yu
Word Count: 544
								AI Essay
		The first two sections of this report mainly introduced the definition and development trend of artificial intelligence, 
and pointed out that artificial intelligence has become more and more common in the information age and the emergence of the Internet. It 
will soon be applied to many aspects of production and life, such as manufacturing, Internet customer service, sales, data collection and 
processing, education, medical care and other fields. These fields can actually see the application of artificial intelligence. However, 
some of the views in the report are not very convincing and accurate, and can be challenged.
		First, the report points out that autonomous transportation will soon become commonplace in North American cities in 2030.
 Moreover, there will be fewer cars and even aircraft due to autonomous flight. Nonetheless, it will take longer to achieve autonomous 
driving because there are many challenges. Safety, the most important requirement for autonomous driving, cannot be realized immediately 
because of the three main challenges: edge computing system design, V2X applications and self-driving car safety. In the design of edge 
computing systems, scientists are faced with a systematic challenge, that is, to provide more computing power with reasonable energy 
consumption, and to ensure the safety of autonomous vehicles even at high speeds. 
		If safety is compromised to any degree, the safety of autonomous vehicles will be threatened. Since each self-driving car 
is equipped with many sensors and computing units, the attacker will target one of the sensors, computing system, control system or 
communication network to make the attacked vehicle confused, blind or even take over its control. , Leading to a catastrophic accident.
The time to address these challenges is unknown, but certainly not short (SHAOSHAN LIU,* et al., 2019, p.4). Therefore, I do not believe 
that the point in the report which indicates the autonomous driving will be implemented on a large scale is reasonable.
		In additional, this report points out that reinforcement learning has existed for decades as a framework for 
experience-driven sequential decision-making, but it has not achieved great success in practice, mainly due to the representation and 
expansion problems. Nevertheless, scientists have proved that reinforcement learning can help robots avoid collisions,which shows the 
practical effects of reinforcement learning. Using reinforcement learning algorithms based on policy gradients, multiple robots can be 
used in a rich and complex environment at the same time. Afterwards, scientists verify the learned sensor-level collision avoidance 
strategies in real scenarios. The universality of the learning strategy is verified in a set of invisible scenarios. Finally, they show 
that the collision avoidance strategies learned from the multi-robot navigation task provide a effective collision avoidance solution for 
a single robot working in a dense real crowd (Tingxiang Fan1*,* et al., 2020, p.1). Therefore, the point that reinforcement learning does 
not make a big breakthrough in the report is not accurate.
		To sum up, I mainly challenges two point in the report that are about the future development of autonomous driving and 
status of reinforcement learning.
As what the report indicates, Sako (2020) also claims that the impact of artificial intelligence on future work should be framed from the 
perspective of tasks and automated by artificial intelligence. AI replaced some tasks, supplemented other tasks, and created new tasks 
(p. 27). However, some predictions cannot be believed blindly.


								References	
Mari Sako. Technology Strategy and Management Artificial Intelligence and the Future of Professional Work. Retrieved in 9/6/2020

SHAOSHAN LIU, Senior Member IEEE, LIANGKAI LIU, JIE TANG, Member IEEE, BO YU, Member IEEE, YIFAN WANG, AND WEISONG SHI, Fellow 	IEEE 
(2019, p. 1) Edge Computing for Autonomous Driving: Opportunities and 	Challenges. Retrieved in 9/6/2020

Tingxiang Fan1* , Pinxin Long2* , Wenxi Liu3 and Jia Pan1 (2020, p, 1). Distributed multi-robot collision avoidance via deep reinforcement
 learning for navigation in complex scenarios. Retrieved in 9/6/2020



	